nested grid wrapper (#1680)
bbc/simorgh: src/app/lib/README.md

- `6 + 2 of 0px` - is based on having a 0px column either side of UX grid so we can use CSS grid-gaps as the UX margin while allowing a grid item to be able to go "full bleed".
- `6 + 2 of 8px` - between 400px and 599px we have an 8px column either side of the UX grid so that the grid-gap (8px) and additional column (8px) combined meet the 16px UX margin.

### Nested grid usage

> As of [#1680](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/pull/1680) `GridItem`s now also have their own internal grid which maps to the external grid they occupy.

Author: ```suggestion
As of [#1680](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/pull/1680) there are a new set of grid items called `NestedGridItem`s with varying sizes which correspond to the size of the containing `GridItem` (in order to match breakpoints / the space occupied parent grid)
```

Reviewer: Thanks this clarifies my point below 👍 

https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/pull/1680/files#r286877770

> <img width="1280" alt="A screenshot of nested grid items" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19362408/57520118-cdc09000-7314-11e9-8657-d5d798c0b018.png"> 

Reviewer 2: 👍 Thank you for writing this up! Great explanation. I particularly like the usage examples in the table.

Reviewer: Are we sure we want every component to have an internal grid at all times? I assumed we'd have a `const` that was exported containing `styled.css` which could be added to the components that need to know about the internal grid. Feels like a lot of CSS for the browser to process if for example every paragraph block has an inner grid?

Author: documentation needs updating so I'm moving this back to PR in progress.
